Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/management/environment-variables/built-in.md

---

> description: Dagster+ built-in environment variables provide deployment and branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Dagster+ provides a set of built-in, automatically populated environment variables, such as the name of a deployment or details about a branch deployment commit, that can be used to modify behavior based on environment.
```

>   commit details, including deployment name, commit SHA, and pull request status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
